## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-xBsHBR6BS/LSlO3cOyY2D/4KkmaHjlNn3NnXUMFFc14HLZD7vwVgS3+6U/WkHAra"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-12GbYFzdyZCSmfBTmO2CR/qE89K5uE1PEuJ3QUwXH0Q9u+uoLNigjH9dG7LAxxiI /es/languages/json.js
sha384-+DT7AtubDhVDciRc6CgjJJRsCt0L8NC3Dh8n9Tj2tZWU8rWxDIj1ViubmUDn8OCY /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-JBkI+6623OoC1qCgG+MY/Ta0qRYSzTDH4NGMA+7U8RNOjkh7geFvYpRidvdHs3zT /es/languages/php.js
sha384-6Znh5S5q9F0hGNMtdaihFL3RJeMqL1a/UecjgzaBrhoxe4sjd5aiEOgokt7blhSW /es/languages/php.min.js
sha384-lbDR+U/5ETRHb0r5ElxxVnAt95EFhleDFZw7nkVPcRk3lbX9NsT/Ppg37FFNiv8+ /es/languages/php-template.js
sha384-dGJwrvnfo/JaY0lSDtJuhB6XXPmL9hSqOnIYndlN0eE1PoA9FFxd+VtaSfcacNDA /es/languages/php-template.min.js
sha384-+5oyk7Ed3OlvEWGj8xracq/6e52BScKUN4kxcreNwB7kfRTVsAMs/aAJM58dzIFN /es/languages/python.js
sha384-ND/UH2UkaeWiej5v/oJspfKDz9BGUaVpoDcz4cof0jaiv/mCigjvy7RQ7e+3S6bg /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-lRhSX2XDrY27NzrAS1t4YaeRtwjsY41kFBbIEYltkmnsfSE7lbBJMQVds2u/MqTT /es/languages/scss.js
sha384-RDUehV4j9Do6iGkYq9Gjn3aUxh6x+NFER1sHpLUXsNoCFjah8Ysrlad8ukLbIr4J /es/languages/scss.min.js
sha384-rBAFhyrcRcMNbVJ9g4k5y3eQDkjGdgoOb3oTWTbHgwyUgUNv3CK9wLsGy/d+52oa /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-8G3qMPeOeXVKZ0wGzMQHgMVQWixLw3EXFAcU+IFNLRe0WoZB5St3L3ZLTK62Nzns /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-CS3qiWid6Sod3yAiQwgPzy2ZerR00u/cwhnMxQrETuI74o006r1p5qj1U9Gdo4uD /es/languages/typescript.js
sha384-HHgazax8ozQ9RDWlJQyaFzaTk/OgTFRVHH+lcaYInkE8wVu5fnpkqkB3KUdzKcvE /es/languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-OFoR8IZ+CFwcY8plx8HSDZNoCwLxc701CwdNGfoIEhSgwAbwhvInaxnEi3HYTt2Q /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-yFd3InBtG6WtAVgIl6iIdFKis8HmMC7GbbronB4lHJq3OLef3U8K9puak6MuVZqx /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-dq9sY7BcOdU/6YaN+YmFuWFG8MY2WYJG2w3RlDRfaVvjdHchE07Ss7ILfcZ56nUM /languages/json.js
sha384-RbRhXcXx5VHUdUaC5R0oV+XBXA5GhkaVCUzK8xN19K3FmtWSHyGVgulK92XnhBsI /languages/json.min.js
sha384-S1JDGPScVg8ikNKLZc4CSP0ZxLiJ7bOJMzTLfOzQiCxR6wPqAa+YtauHJXQpc2GV /languages/php.js
sha384-c1RNlWYUPEU/QhgCUumvQSdSFaq+yFhv3VfGTG/OTh8oirAi/Jnp6XbnqOLePgjg /languages/php.min.js
sha384-56Iyz0oX8ZJZPmm/9pflGG2cVp/0NER9AEbckNsLoTXXK5uMPpVWUkf/WL1BPzEb /languages/php-template.js
sha384-i5dGKRLoml9823i21v5ltbNFQCB7OAwkUve4TaJrwSnXRQ1kOjT+Wa8jX/EOj434 /languages/php-template.min.js
sha384-zdZio5RcGiKQJCpe/1IXujPle3bIY8sbmvCabSU5G5GzWAzZtoRZfg9QAQXCL08q /languages/python.js
sha384-IP4vv4Aoh9Lyg8QyzVkAmn2JGoDCpgVHzVSrD3Z+rVyn7+s4wx4pRjv+go3TEwfj /languages/python.min.js
sha384-fwYddFsITuK2bPhi9RuIzwi4PTULEXgtEJsQzTdx97vOS/GHfrk+aNSLxEHgzQa5 /languages/scss.js
sha384-6u+QpCDqQidb5pcO+yBqy0xLJ30x30VlrFvXm8J84LMwGIw9q3U4u+Z9vFXlhB5x /languages/scss.min.js
sha384-Dy7I/j0yJlyliWiNrkNqXfxDrbN65q40s3JColgTYZQ7QJa7lcmK0WUL3i00/T51 /languages/sql.js
sha384-8q00eP+tyV9451aJYD5ML3ftuHKsGnDcezp7EXMEclDg1fZVSoj8O+3VyJTkXmWp /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-yZXtQC/OmWoPykosK7vE1nCvV4E/six6+apjNau4JwBkejkea5nP7VBEJJkGnvoF /languages/typescript.js
sha384-ORwtVEfrCZ0gzGacgmfv1wOtxcPIaVfHKwq8dKQjObRwx3qpKjsSg1ldTu1PEgXd /languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-+PuZYFfVX2UQZU2yKt/FsJUZNUPzZWxW7auXltsaecr1xLvzBYF3c5gYoyOs1++x /languages/xml.js
sha384-jgkY4GMNWfQcLLIoP1vg3FWXflDrRhcSXGBW6ONIWC2SOIv5H1Pa57sXs+aomCuZ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-9BQT4mUbzz6iuuywiiSYI7dRT3Eck+oHyJKb19xPy5ecV+omFLRz4o2ukPD3qJ1a /highlight.js
sha384-Xp00shjJrJ6vNcE9VqSKunngOsXGswD73n5uxGlYwH9mKiM1ZHngey89ncKddQ6z /highlight.min.js
```

